Add summary of our infra (#1)
ournetworks/orga: README.md

> # State of Our Networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Our Networks Orga[nizing]
```

> This repository has organizing materials for the Our Networks team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains general, as opposed to year-specific, organizing and coordinating materials for the Our Networks team.
```

> ## Infrastructures

Reviewer: Unsure about this and whether needed as a separate header. Also I would split apart most of these into docs and link from the readme.

### Website

The Our Networks [website](https://ournetworks.ca) code is on [GitHub](https://github.com/ournetworks/ournetworks.ca), which auto-deploys to a [Digital Ocean](https://digitalocean.com) Droplet using [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org).

> Our DNS registrar is [Namecheap](https://namecheap.com) with name server pointed to Digital Ocean, which allows us to use its APIs to update DNS records with our CI process as needed. For example, our website is published to [Dat](https://dat.foundation) and [IPFS](https://ipfs.io), and our CI publishes the latest IPFS content hash of our website as a TXT record on `ipfs-website.ournetworks.ca`.

Reviewer: Realizing we probably also need to update our readme in ournetworks.ca.

> ### Email

Reviewer: Can we call this communications, mention our social media as well?

Our Networks is a member of [May First](https://mayfirst.coop), which we rely on for email forwarding and our low-traffic [mailing list](https://lists.mayfirst.org/mailman/listinfo/ournetworks) services, among other infrastrusture things. 

Our email addresses are as follow.

| Email address | Purpose                                                                                                          |
|:--------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| billets@      | Coordinate community billets                                                                                     |
| coc@          | Code of Conduct reporting monitored by organizer on CoC duty                                                     |
| orga@         | Main address used for general communications and account registrations that has a forward list to all organizers |

> ### Financial accounts

Reviewer: Would also not yoke us to BPT in this section. I think we could point to service inventory, describe types of banking and Alterna + practices.

Would also link to 2018/2019 examples where we put banking things (e.g. invoices)

Our Networks uses [Alterna](https://www.alterna.ca) as the main provider for financial services. Sending transactions from this account require two signatures from organizers who are registered with the financial institution.

We use [Brown Paper Tickets](https://www.brownpapertickets.com) for ticket sales of our conferences and PayPal for small international transactions such as paying honoraria.

> ### Videos

Reviewer: Not sure about this as an explanation under infra

Conference videos are live streamed by volunteers from [Toronto Mesh](https://tomesh.net) using [IPFS Live Streaming](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming). Post-processed video recordings are published to:

| Host                                                                | Description                                                      |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Alexandria](https://alexandria.tomesh.net)                         | Media host by Toronto Mesh that is accessible over mesh networks |
| [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/@our_networks)       | Hosted on Internet Archive and with torrent available            |
| IPFS on [Infura](https://infura.io)                                 | Pinned on infrastructure provided by Infura                      |
| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCudGRFTjVGsrKF0h27GER2g) | YouTube playlists                                                |

> ### Other accounts & tools

Reviewer: Could we use the service inventory @patcon has helped refine elsewhere? 

I think it could be a separate page, also this is also non-exhaustive.

Author: @dcwalk @patcon can you link the service inventory?

I think these should all be in separate page and linked to from README, but I rather do that as a post-conference discussion. By then we'll have better clarity of what needs to be in this repo.

Reviewer 2: - https://link.hypha.coop/inventory
- https://link.civictech.ca/inventory
- (edgi service inventory is not public)

Author: I am confused about the mixing of ournetworks with hypha, @dcwalk are you referring to what @patcon posted or something else?

Reviewer 2: I believe she's suggesting the pattern of that style of doc, not using the same doc. I assume a new doc for ournetworks

Reviewer: Yes, just the pattern
